- [Instructor] When you're working on an important document,
receiving constructive feedback
and suggestions from members of your team, can be helpful.
Reviewing documents can create
an even better finished product.
In this lesson, I'll show you how you and your team
can work on documents together in Microsoft Word,
by making the most of the review tab.
To get started, I'll open Word
from the Microsoft 365 homepage.
You can follow along with the sample Word document
in your exercise files,
it's called document review.
In this example, I'll be reviewing
and editing a document drafted for an upcoming event.
With document review open,
I'll navigate to the top ribbon and select review.
This is a document I've shared with my colleagues
and they've made some edits.
Before I jump into the collaborative tools,
I'll start by taking advantage of the proofreading tools
on the top left of the ribbon,
editor, word count, check accessibility, and translate.
Word count displays the documents statistics,
how many words, characters and paragraphs there are.
When I select editor,
the document stats is available in the sidebar
and tells me all I need to know about my document.
This can be helpful when creating documents
that have specific parameters.
When I check accessibility,
the panel opens to the right side of the screen
with a list of errors and warnings,
as well as a list of tips on how to fix each issue.
To translate my text to over 50 languages,
I can use translate, on either a selection,
or the full document.
Next, let's look at the collaborative tools.
When multiple people are working in Word,
track changes allows you to keep track
of what's been changed in the document,
and gives you the opportunity to either accept,
or reject those changes.
I'll select track changes at the top ribbon to enable it.
Then I'll choose either, track for everyone, or just mine.
For everyone means that all those
with access to the document
will see the suggested edits that are made
and who made them.
If I only want the suggested edits to appear when
I make changes, I'll select just mine.
In this case, I want to track everyone's changes,
so I'll select for everyone.
When final decisions are being made about the document,
those suggested changes can either be accepted or rejected,
by selecting the underlined text,
or by selecting accept or reject in the ribbon.
When I want to stop suggesting
and start making changes directly,
I'll select track changes,
and in the dropdown menu, I'll select off.
Review also allows for easy communication with comments.
To add a comment, I'll select the location in the document,
right-click, and in the dropdown menu, select new comment.
A text box appears to the right of the margin
where I'll add my comment,
and select send when I'm finished.
Select show comments,
and the comments panel will appear
to the right of the document.
I can reply in the box,
or link to, resolve, or delete comments
by selecting the three dots in the top right corner.
Resolving the comment will gray out the box,
but the comment will remain as a part of the document.
In most cases, once the comment is addressed
I prefer to delete it.
Being able to review and track the revisions of documents,
supports quick edits and collaborations.
Try enabling these editing tools in your next document.
Remember, not everyone gets it right the first time,
so let Microsoft Word support your revision process.